{\rtf1 \mac \ansicpg10000 \nisusversion40001 \deff0 {\fonttbl {\f0 \fswiss \fcharset77 Verdana;}{\f1 \fswiss \fcharset77 HelveticaNeue-Bold{\*\falt Helvetica Neue};}{\f2 \fswiss \fcharset77 HelveticaNeue{\*\falt Helvetica Neue};}{\f3 \fswiss \fcharset77 HelveticaNeue-Italic{\*\falt Helvetica Neue};}{\f4 \fswiss \fcharset77 HelveticaNeue-BoldItalic{\*\falt Helvetica Neue};}{\f5 \fswiss \fcharset77 ArialMT{\*\falt Arial};}}{\colortbl ;}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}{Nicolas Marechal;}}\nisusrevtypes0 \donotshowinsdel1 {\*\nisuslangtbl {\nisuslang0 Tech - URL\code X-TechURL}}{\*\nisustoctable {\nisustoc \tcf68 {\nisustocname Default TOC}{\*\nisustoctabrep  }{\*\nisustocretrep  }{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 1}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 2}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 3}
{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 4}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 5}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 6}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 7}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 8}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 9}}\nisusactivetoc68 }
{\*\nisusxetable {\nisusxe \xef68 {\nisusxename Default Index}{\nisusxeheaderstyle Index Heading}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 1}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 2}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 3}
{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 4}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 5}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 6}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 7}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 8}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 9}{\*\fldinst INDEX \\k ". " \\g \endash  \\e "\tab " \\l ", " \\f D}}
\nisusactivexe68 }{\stylesheet {\s24 \snext24 \sbasedon25 {\*\nsmpltxt Some text goes here so you can see what your style will look like.}\f0 \nisuslangi0 \ql \widctlpar \keep0 \keepn0 
\sb0 \sa0 \sl240 \slmult1 \ltrpar \pardirnatural \hyphpar1 \li0 \lin0 \fi0 \ri0 \rin0 Header;}{\s25 \snext25 {\*\nsmpltxt Some text goes here so you can see what your style will look like.}
\f0 \nisuslangi0 \ql \widctlpar \keep0 \keepn0 \sb0 \sa0 \sl240 \slmult1 \ltrpar \pardirnatural \hyphpar1 \li0 \lin0 \fi0 \ri0 \rin0 Normal;}{\s26 \snext26 \sbasedon25 {\*\nsmpltxt Some text goes here so you can see what your style will look like.}
\f0 \nisuslangi0 \ql \widctlpar \keep0 \keepn0 \sb0 \sa0 \sl240 \slmult1 \ltrpar \pardirnatural \hyphpar1 \li0 \lin0 \fi0 \ri0 \rin0 Footer;}}
\defformat {\info {\*\nisusgmtoffset +0:00}{\author Nicolas Marechal}{\creatim \yr2009 \mo11 \dy4 \hr18 \min12 }{\revtim \yr2012 \mo2 \dy27 \hr21 \min50 }}{\*\userprops }\viewkind4 
\viewscale100 \nisusviewruler1 \nisusviewrulerh1 \nisusviewrulerv0 \nisusviewtoolbar1 \nisusviewtooldrawer0 \nisusviewpagenumtype1 \nisusviewrulericons0 {\*\nisusviewsettings \viewkind4 \viewscale100 {\nisusnavsettings {\*\mode toc}
{\*\closedtochandles }}{\nisuscommentsettings {\*\showPane 1}{\*\showTextHighlighting 1}}}{\*\nisusviewsettings \viewkind1 \viewzk1 {\nisusnavsettings {\*\mode toc}{\*\closedtochandles }}
{\nisuscommentsettings {\*\showPane 1}{\*\showTextHighlighting 1}}}{\*\nisuswindow \x176 \y72 \w642 \h814 }\nisusrulerunits1 \nshwinv0 \nshwpg1 \nisusinlinespell1 \hyphauto0 \hyphhotz9020 
\nisusselectstart344 \nisusselectlength0 \fet2 \ftnbj \paperw11900 \paperh16840 \margl1440 \margr1440 \margt1800 \margb1800 \gutter0 \pgnstart1 \nocolbal \widowctrl \f0 \sectd \endnhere \linemod0 \cols1 \ltrsect \colbalsxn0 \pgwsxn11900 \pghsxn16840 \marglsxn1440 \margrsxn1440 \margtsxn1800 \margbsxn1800 \guttersxn0 \headery720 \footery720 \pgncont \pgndec \sxnstarts1 \sxnrestart \sxndec {\header \plain \pard \s24 \f0 \nisuslangi0 }
{\footer \plain \pard \s26 \f0 \nisuslangi0 }\deftab720 {\pard \nisusnos {\f1 \fs36 \b \nisuslangi0 IMI Max patches : Max for the visual arts}{\f2 \fs28 \nisuslangi0 \par
by Nicolas Marechal\par
n.marechal@lcc.arts.ac.uk\par
\par
*********************\par
}}
{\pard \nisusnos \nowidctlpar {\f2 \fs28 \nisuslangi0 The IMI Max patches is a collection of Max patches used at the design for interaction and moving image course at the London College of Communication (University of the Arts London). \par
\par
There are two releases of the patch, the COMPLETE{\nisusselectcaret  (available on the IMI server) and the GIT (https://github.com/imi/IMI-Max-patches-for-Max6). The GIT is a light version where the }
{\f1 \b media} {\f1 \b folder}, and the {\f1 \b plugins folder} are not included. To install some of the plugins we use, open the {\f1 \b plugins_download} patch in the Max Extra > _IMI menu. \par
}}
{\pard \nisusnos {\f2 \fs28 \nisuslangi0 \par
Run the main patch {\f1 \b _IMI_help} from the Extras menu. Also in the Extras menu, look in the {\f1 \b _IMI }folder (various toolboxes) and the 
{\f1 \b IMI_plugins folder} (fast access to common Max plugins).{\f1 \fs36 \b \par
\par
}The {\f1 \b IMIpatches} folder is located in the /{\f3 \i Applications/Max6}/{\f3 \i examples}
 folder. From 2.20, it's only for {\f1 \b Max 6}, it will not work properly with Max 5 !{\f1 \fs36 \b \line \par
}*********************\par
{\f1 \fs36 \b Version history}\par
\par
2.20 : March 2012\par
\par

{\f1 \b Max 6 release !}\par
\par
{\f1 \b New :} renderMaster (projection), GLcornerpin+ (projection){\f1 \b \par
\par
Updates :  }Switched the Sensors (Max 101) and Text (102) categories, _IMI_help (interface),
{\f1 \b  }IMI_Max_sandpit, Max patching rules (006), jit.qt.movie, IMI_simple_video_player, GLsmooth, Video to GL mesh, shader overview, GL smooth, GL gridshape (including layers, anchor, assembling, texture and texture+), texture2GLsketch, Jitter2Syphon (imi toolbox) and many more !\par

{\f1 \b \par
Plugins} : xray.jit.cellvalue updtate by Wes for h.line, Syphon Beta 2 r2, Syphon Recorder, maxuino alpha-12, Mubu Gesture Follower 1.5 beta4\par
{\f1 \b \par
More }(optional installs)
{\f1 \b  : } eijes 3.0beta1{\f1 \b  }(compatibility with Max6){\f1 \b \par
\par
Bugs :} IMI_simple_video_player+, GLsketch_assemble, ESC-fullscreen (rev 5) to correct the "fsmenubar" bug, "panel" bug, shell, applescripts and other links updated to the Max6 folder.\par

{\f1 \b \par
Incompatible with Max 6:} Cosm\par
\par
*********************\par
2.15 : February 2012\par
{\f1 \b \par
New :} imi.looptheloop, imi.frameconv, imi.debug, imi.seqbang, IMI space mapping (exhibition, new version), videomap02 (space mapping's slave patch), matrix_collision, iCinema-03, 
{\f1 \b  }h.line (effect), live_grid, IMI_OSCResolume\par
{\f1 \b \par
Updates : }iCinema-01, iCinema-02, cv_HSflow (p hsflow2bang)\par
{\f1 \b \par
Plugins} : zsa.descriptors_1.0GM3\par

{\f1 \b \par
More }(optional installs){\f1 \b  : }Jamoma 0.56b4, JamomaUserLib (19/12/2011), eijes 3.0beta1{\f1 \b \par
}\par
*********************\par
2.14 : January 2012\par
\par

{\f1 \b New :} cv_misc (cv_objects), cv_freekinect (cv_objects), freenect_normalised (cv_freekinect), freenect_depthselector (cv_freekinect), freenect_nurbs (cv_freekinect), synapse (cv_freekinect), cv_track eyes (cv_objects>cv_faces), IMI_space_mapping (exhibition), GLsketch, GLgraph, GLmisc (DbN3D), GLmesh_shadows (DbN3D), GLmesh_shadows+ (DbN3D), imi.matrix2cell (_toolbox), list_in_max (list_toolbox), network_scanner (imi_toolbox), IMI_lcd_space (DbN2D), imi.through, imi.bounce.\par
\par

{\f1 \b Toolbox : }blobtrack by Jesse French (toolbox>computer_vision), GLslab_crossfade, GLslab_edgeblend (toolbox>GL), PattrKitty (Pattr tutorial) by Chris Muir.\par
\par
{\f1 \b Updates :}
 updated and reorganised computer vision, design by number and the list toolbox categories, asyncread_export, GLgeometry, GLmesh, GLNurbs, IMI_OSC2VPT (compatible with VPT6), IMI_jitexpr, IMI_jitexpr+, Metasynth~ by Luke DuBois (sound toolbox), shell (imi toolbox), IMI_misc_interfaces, imi.text_counter, imi.splitscale, IMI_iCinema01, IMI_iCinema02\par
\par
{\f1 \b Plugins}
 : VPT 6r09 (12/2011), oscjavaformax 1.5, OSCseq 0.9.14\par
\par
{\f1 \b More} (optional installs): Jamoma 0.5.4, FTM 2.5 Beta 22, Unix extra folder (growlnotify, imagemagick, nmap and screenresolution): see the shell help (imi toolbox) for usage.\par
\par

{\f1 \b Bugs :} the "bug hunting" version : many links and cosmetic bugs, added a different refer for every toolbox, the toolbox folder access (Extras>_IMI) now works without crashing Max, improved compatibility with applescripts.\par
\par
*********************\par
2.13 : November 2011\par
\par

{\f1 \b New :} sketchpad (DbN3D), polar_cartesian (imi_toolbox), IMI_2d_poltocar (imi_toolbox>polar_cartesian), 3d_cartopol (imi_toolbox>polar_cartesian), IMI_xml (Internet), poly~movie (IMI jit.qt.movie), FaceOSC (computer vision), Touch OSC tutorial by Nathan Bowen (sensors>IMI misc interfaces), Metasynth~ by Luke DuBois (sound toolbox).\par

{\f1 \b \par
Updates : }IMI_filtering_change, IMI_quicktime in practice, Max patching rules (005), face2gridshape (toolbox>computer vision), regexp tutorial (internet), J-F Charles spectral transformation (Expo'74).
{\f1 \b \par
\par
Plugins} : VPT 6r05 (08/2011), Sadam Library (08/2011), GF-Mubu.1.3.3.beta (gesture follower), dot_max5 (10/2011).\par
\par
{\f1 \b Bugs : }corrected the link to the Twitter API, repaired the link to polymovie.maxpat\par
\par
*********************\par
2.11 : July 2011\par
\par

{\f1 \b New }: a-jit.human (cv>background removal), TUIOclient (sensors) + TUIO simulator, imi.draw (simulates Processing's center + corner drawing), IMI_lcd_processing group : example 1_1, example 1_2, example 1_3, example 1_5 (adapted from Learning Processing by Daniel Shiffman), IMI_rota (a simpler help than jit.rota).\par

{\f1 \b \par
Updates :} IMI_jit.matrix_and_friends (matrix), IMI_video_twoscreens (exhibition - rev 006), IMI_video_player3MASTER (exhibition), IMI_video_player3SLAVE (exhibition), IMI jit.lcd (uses imi.draw), IMI lcd motion (uses imi.draw), IMI lcd motion+ (uses imi.draw), IMI lcd oscillation (uses imi.draw), IMI noise2lcd (uses imi.draw), IMI noise2lcd+ (uses imi.draw), Wiimote2Max and Wiimote2Max simple, background removal (computer vision), Max patching rules (introduction).\par
\par

{\f1 \b Toolbox} : Jitter2Syphon, function interpolation\par
\par
{\f1 \b Plugins} : o.objects : osc tools - CNMAT (IMI misc interfaces)\par
\par
{\f1 \b Bugs }: corrected an applescript loading from Max (replaced aka.shell with shell), IMI jit.matrix and friends (bad link to jit.concat). Many cosmetic updates.\par
\par
*************\par
2.10 : June 2011\par
\par

{\f1 \b GIT release !}\par
http://github.com/imi/IMI-Max-patches\par
\par
With the GIT release, the {\f1 \b media} {\f1 \b folder}, and the {\f1 \b plugins folder} are not included. To install plugins use the 
{\f1 \b plugins_download} patch in the Max Extra > _IMI menu.\par
\par
*************\par
2.09 : June 2011\par
\par
{\f1 \b New : }Max's patching rules (introduction), BlinkM (sensors), IMI_videograb+ (grab), GLsmooth (projection), JittervsGL (extra), IMI_misc interfaces (sensors), IMI_filtering_change (IMI_sensors_tools), plugin_download (for the bitbucket version)\par

{\f1 \b Toolbox }(Extra>_IMI>toolbox) {\f1 \b :} Max2iTunes (sound), 3D head_navigation (3D), texture2GLSketch (3D), IMI_netReceive (network), IMI_netSend (network), 3Dcube (computer vision), 3Dnavigation (computer vision), cv_eyetracker (computer vision), cv_face_tilting (computer vision), cv_follow_points (computer vision)\par
\par

{\f1 \b Updates : }v.region (computer vision), IMI_gridshape (added gridshape axis), better actionscript to access the sensor and the toolbox folders.\par
\par
{\f1 \b Plugins} : eijes library (2.01), x-ray.jit, FantaStickv2.3 and \par
MMF-Fantastick for iPhone (Sensors)\par
\par

{\f1 \b Plugins} {\f1 \b updates : }zsa.descriptors (1.0GM), CNMAT-Everything (April 2011)\par
\par
*************\par
2.08 : May 2011\par
{\f1 \b \par
New }: IMI_coll2text2d, IMI_coll2text2d+, IMI_xbee_interfaces (AT and API mode), IMI_wii_interfaces (a collection of patches for the Wii), Multi-text, imi.matrixinfo, v.region, asyncread export (facilitate the exporting images or video for documentation), GLMultiple (new introduction)\par

{\f1 \b Toolbox : }numbers, text2text_fade, twitscoop{\f1 \b \par
\par
Updates} : Computer Vision (102), uldl2regexp (now reloads properly)\par
{\f1 \b \par
Plugins} : openTSPS (Computer Vision), aka.speech, TUIO_MaxMSP, \par
maxbee 0.2 (IMI version works on Mac - in progress)\par

{\f1 \b Plugins} {\f1 \b updates :} polybuffer_beta3_M (now works), ajh.wiiremote alpha 1.6, aka.wiiremote-b7\par
\par
{\f1 \b More folder :} FTM 2.5 (beta 20), Cyclops 1.4\par
\par
*************\par
2.07 : April 2011\par

{\f1 \b \par
New }: list_toolbox (to help with lists in Max), v.region{\f1 \b \par
Toolbox : }IMI_fileout{\f1 \b  }(misc){\f1 \b \par
\par
Updates} : IMI_gridshape (103), IMI_multi-layered video (103), IMI_max2printer, IMI_counter_uzi_line (misc_toolbox).\par
\par
The list_toolbox, the misc_toolbox and the sound_toolbox are in the 
{\f1 \b Extra>IMI folder.}\par
{\f1 \b \par
Plugins : }jfc-spectral-tutorials (see freeze in the sound toolbox), ARToolKit (Augmented Reality), mbrola4max (voice synthesis)\par
{\f1 \b Plugins update}
 : fileout 1.1\par
\par
{\f1 \b More folder }(in the Max 5 folder) has some optional plugins for Max : \par
Jamoma 0.5.2, FTM 2.5 (beta 19) and Tap.Tools 3.2.0 (payware).\par
\par
*************\par
2.06 : March 2011\par
\par

{\f1 \b New patches : }IMI colourtrack (computer vision), renderMaster + SceneProcess (effects), IMI_quickpractice (jit.qt.movie in practice).\par
\par
{\f1 \b Updates : }IMI_jit.qt.movie
{\f1 \b , }IM_ jit.qt.movie+{\f1 \b \par
Plugins update} : c74 version 1.4, VPT 5.1\par
\par
{\f1 \b Corrections and other bugs} : arduino2max now works as expected + many minor corrections.\par
\par
*************\par
2.05 : January 2011\par
\par

{\f1 \b New patches }: color patch (to colorize the IMI help), IMI_type text (for lcd or text3D), IMI_noise2lcd (jit.iter), IMI_cosm_one (single agent), IMI_cosm world (multiple agents), IMI_screenworld, IMI_text_search (along with a British-English free dictionary), gl-slab-gpu and gl-slab-gpu+ (play movies using the graphic card for maximum efficiency), Video2GLMesh, CV_glsketch, GLSketch_bouncebox, GLGridshape_roundtable, npdraw (simple drawing application), cv.jit.faces find and replace, tweening, BBCdownload (xml to coll), IMI_pachube2OSC, IMI_pachube_CC128 (current cost display unit) with pachube module and regexp_cookbook. The iCinema patch is a new collection of IMI's experiments around interactive cinema.\par
\par
New 
{\f4 \b \i imi.objects} : imi_fullscreen (pos x, pos y, size x, size y), imi.draw (centered shape) to use with the lcd object, imi.plus, imi.minus (add or substract with both active inlets), imi.splitscale, imi.slide (slide object for jitter), imi.counter (counts when speed matters).\par
\par

{\f1 \b Update} : revised version of the ESC-fullscreen (002) with options for the fsaa, depthbuffer, position and size. Revised the DbN tutorial with more on jit.expression, fractals, nurbs, glmultiple, screentoworld, cosm, noise2lcd (iter and spill), matrix_lookup, a better twitter_read (xml to coll) and Luke Hall's regexp_tutorial.\par
\par

{\f1 \b New plugins} : Cosm (Mad Professor version / February 2010), sa.function (function curve), sfmarker (read markers from sound files), sadamLib_2010-12-07, jit.freenect.grab_rc1 (kinect driver), GF 0.39 (IRCAM's }
{\f5 \fs28 real-time following and recognition of gestures), {\f2 \nisuslangi0 udmx (DMX library), boids objects (bird flight and animal flock simulator), mass spring damper, sc-max0.21, threshold~ (monitors input signal and outputs bangs when the signal exceeds a specified value).\par
\par
}
{\f1 \b \nisuslangi0 Plugins update}{\f2 \nisuslangi0  : ajm 0.91, CNMAT everything (9/2010), Messenger 1.5, CVjit 1.72}{\f1 \b \nisuslangi0 \par
\par
More folder}{\f2 \nisuslangi0  (in the Max 5 folder) has some extra plugins for Max : FTM.2.5.0.BETA.18-Max5, Jamoma-0.5.1 and Tap.Tools-3.2.0 (payware).\par
\par
+ many, many improvements... The library has now more than }
{\f1 \b \nisuslangi0 230 patches}{\f2 \nisuslangi0  in total.\par
\par
*************\par
1.96 : October 2010\par
\par
}{\f1 \b \nisuslangi0 New patches :}{\f2 \nisuslangi0  IMI_OSC2VPT (to control VPT from Max), test UDPreceiver, VPT loader.\par
Many minor updates and improvements\par
Revised the arduino sensor part (IMI_arduino2max, IMI_arduino2max12, Graph_Max) for clarity and efficiency.\par
The sound player patches don't include the arduino interface anymore.\par
\par
}
{\f1 \b \nisuslangi0 Updated plugins :}{\f2 \nisuslangi0  VPT_4.1b5_osx, dot.object (07/07/2010)\par
\par
*********************\par
1.92 : June 2010\par
\par
}{\f1 \b \nisuslangi0 New theme :}
{\f2 \nisuslangi0  Text basics\par
}{\f1 \b \nisuslangi0 New patches :}{\f2 \nisuslangi0  IMI_text_alpha, IMI_text_compare (text), IMI_grid_assembling (projection), IMI_splitscale (a scale object that maps value according from a center value)\par
\par
}
{\f1 \b \nisuslangi0 Updates :}{\f2 \nisuslangi0  twitter read (Internet), IMI_text_alpha+, jit.quicktime, jit.quicktime+, sound_player_qtmovie (1.3), sound_player_sfplay (1.1), Matrix04 tutorial\par
Updated plugin : CV.jit tools 1.7\par
\par
*********************\par
1.80 : April 2010\par
\par
}
{\f1 \b \nisuslangi0 New themes :}{\f2 \nisuslangi0  camera_data (computer vision) and video processing system (exhibition) taken from some tutorials by Andrew Benson published on the Cycling'74 website.\par
New patches : IMI_multi_sound_player (sound), loop_maker (sound), IMI_HSflow (cv_objects), grab_hotspot (grab), \par
multi-layered video (exhibition)\par
}
{\f1 \b \nisuslangi0 New videos files}{\f2 \nisuslangi0  (for testing) : ears.mov, drift.mov, alpha.mov, background.mov, lighton.mov, lightoff.mov\par
}{\f1 \b \nisuslangi0 New sound files}
{\f2 \nisuslangi0  (for testing) : sound1.wav, sound2.wav, sound3.wav\par
\par
}{\f1 \b \nisuslangi0 Updates}{\f2 \nisuslangi0  : Maxuino 009, IMI_sound_player (qtmovie / sfplayer), \par
IMI arduino interfaces now include the arduino code when relevant.\par
Change : Reshuffle of categories (text and grab have been swapped), \par
forbidden~planet (sound) has been moved to the CNMAT theme\par
}
{\f1 \b \nisuslangi0 Bugs :}{\f2 \nisuslangi0  Maxuino link corrected, various bugs fix and improvements.\par
\par
*********************\par
1.70 : March 2010\par
\par
}{\f1 \b \nisuslangi0 New patches :}
{\f2 \nisuslangi0  }\f2 AudioVideoAnalysis{\nisuslangi0  (Computer Vision), matrix_positioning, matrix_kaleidoscope (Matrix), }badTV (effect), counter/uzi/line, table, modulo, jit.expr+ (DbNtools), DbN Random and Drawing tutorial (DbN3D), twitter read (Internet)
{\nisuslangi0 \par
}{\f1 \b \nisuslangi0 New plugins :}{\nisuslangi0  f0.abstractions (}090922{\nisuslangi0 ), c74(v1.3), fiddle~/bonk~/sigmund~ (CRCA), boid, box2d, shell UB (replaces aka.shell)\par
\par
}
{\f1 \b \nisuslangi0 Updates :}{\nisuslangi0  Reorganisation of Max 101 / Max 103 in the main IMI_help, CNMAT, Maxuino 008\par
\par
}{\f1 \b \nisuslangi0 Bugs }{\nisuslangi0 : Corrected some install bug.\par
\par
*********************\par
1.60 : 29th January 2010\par
\par
}
{\f1 \b \nisuslangi0 New theme :}{\nisuslangi0  design by numbers (17 patches)\par
}{\f1 \b \nisuslangi0 New patch :}{\nisuslangi0  IMI_jitexpr (part of the jit.matrix / DbN)\par
}{\f1 \b \nisuslangi0 New plugin :}
{\nisuslangi0  cellblock2csv\par
New sensor interface : OSCuino (6)\par
\par
}{\f1 \b \nisuslangi0 Plugins updates :}{\nisuslangi0  ajh.wiiremote (alpha 1.5), }Video_Projection_Tool opens the VPT application and not the patch.
{\nisuslangi0 \par
\par
*********************\par
1.55 : 11th January 2010\par
\par
}{\f1 \b \nisuslangi0 New plugins}{\nisuslangi0  : RTC library (version 5), ajh.wiiremote alpha 1.4 (replaces aka.wiiremote)\par
\par
Bugs : Removed some of the Lobjects from Cycling\rquote 74 folder because of a newer version installed with the new RTC lib (Lsum,Lsub,Lround,Lrem, Lpow, Lmult, Lmerge, Lexpr, Ldiv, ladd, labs)\par
Removed tap.tools 3.02 from the extensions (compatibility problems with Janoma)\par
Renamed the IMI_basic_sensor_interfaces and corrected the parent links\par
Corrected non working links in the v001 patch\par
Removed the sensor tools from the global category (it\rquote s only in the sensors category now)}}
{\f2 \nisuslangi0 \par
{\fs28 \par
*********************\par
1.50 : 5th January 2010\par
\par
New install method using the Iceberg package maker\par
\par
*********************\par
1.20 : 5th January 2010\par
\par
}
{\f1 \fs28 \b New themes :}{\fs28  jitter matrix, lcd object (jit.lcd)\par
}{\f1 \fs28 \b New sub-themes :}{\fs28  compositing (in the effect theme, Max102), shaders (jit.gl.slab, Max102)\par
}
{\f1 \fs28 \b New patches :}{\fs28  jit.op, lumagate (effects), a Janoma example (computer vision), XML and regexp help (internet tools), \par
video player for two or three screens (exhibition), GL.slab, ShaderOverview_v001\par
}
{\f1 \fs28 \b New plugins :}{\fs28  CNMAT object, CV.jit tools, AJM tools, Jasch objects, Lobjects, f0, dot objects, jr abstractions, the Pelado objects and the v001 shaders (see the ShaderOverview_v001 in the effects)\par
}
{\f1 \fs28 \b New videos}{\fs28  (CV testing) : ring.mov / sophie.mov / tom.mov (from IMAL / Brussels).\par
\par
}{\f1 \fs28 \b Plugin updates}{\fs28  : HC Gilje's Video Projection Tool is now version 4.1\par
The IMI sound players now work independently from the sensors interfaces. \par
Use the IMI_basic_interfaces.maxpat patch to connect your patch with sensors.\par
}
{\f1 \fs28 \b Bugs}{\fs28  : The open folder applescript is now compatible with any Mac (using osascript)\par
Many minor improvements (interface consistency) and corrections.\par
\par
*********************\par
1.10 : 20 December 2009\par
\par
Complete reorganisation of the categories and addition of tabs to separate the beginner and advanced features.\par
\par
}
{\f1 \fs28 \b New themes}{\fs28  : CV objects, Exhibition, Grab, Internet, Introduction, LCD, Matrix, Sensor, Text. \par
}{\f1 \fs28 \b New plugins}{\fs28  : time strecher 010, z.abstraction, HC Gilje's Video Projection Tool 4.01 \par
(http://hcgilje.wordpress.com/resources/video-projection-tools/), aka.shell.\par
New objects included from Andrew Benson\rquote s Jitter Night Course.\par
\par
The library has now }
{\f1 \fs28 \b 65 patches}{\fs28 .\par
*********************\par
1.00: 28 November 2009\par
\par
}{\f1 \fs28 \b Initial release of the IMI Max patches}{\fs28 . It contains 6 categories (Global, Sound, Video, Effects, Projection and Computer visions) and 23 objects made for or used at the Design for Interaction and Moving Image departement at LCC.\par
\par
}
{\f1 \fs28 \b Plugins installed}{\fs28  : dot_max5_20091015, maxtoolbox 14, sfmarkers~, max object thesaurus\par
\par
The installer is based on by Emannuel Jourdan's installer for the eijes objects \par
The patch structure is provided by Cycling74's new help system.\par
\par
*********************\par
Contact: Nicolas Marechal\par
design for interaction and moving image\par
London College of Communication\par
University of the Arts London\par
n.marechal@lcc.arts.ac.uk\par }}}}